hey what's up guys today we are in
Oviedo Florida at Twin Rivers Golf Club
and we are going to playing the latest
sensation in the United States Foot Golf
which just like it sounds is golf with
the football
Oh
Ross is 1 over par this afternoon the
shot is for the lead
Oh
here we see a wild kid in his natural
habitat
I'm gonna eat my bugs
this is for the birdie that's disgusting
gross don't mind me
off is a growing worldwide sport
for more information visit the US Foot
Golf Association here I hear something
what's that it's in there it's an
alligator
alright guys I hope you liked that video
if you did make sure to leave a like and
hit that subscribe button if you haven't
already also follow us on Facebook and
Twitter for channel updates football
news and more